doc: Add pull request metrics information (#32)
codacy/pulse-user-docs: docs/metrics.md

| High                  | Between 1 day and 1 week     |
| Elite                 | Less than 1 day              |

### Sub-metrics

> There are several metrics that directly influence the lead time for changes,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several metrics that directly influence **Lead time for changes**,
```

and can help you track in more detail what needs to be improved in your workflow.
All the sub-metrics are aggregated by an interval (day, week or month) and have values for
the average, median, and percentiles 5%, 20%, 25%, 75%, 80%, 95%.

> These metrics are extracted from pull requests,

Reviewer: consider using a list to be more clear

only include pull requests that have been merged (ignores closed without merge and currently open) and

> draft pull requests are treated as normal pull requests.

Author: ```suggestion
draft pull requests are treated as normal pull requests.
Also excludes pull requests without commits or where the first commit was authored after the pull request was open.
```

> These metrics are extracted from pull requests,
> only include pull requests that have been merged (ignores closed without merge and currently open) and
> draft pull requests are treated as normal pull requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These metrics are based on pull requests.
They:

- Include Draft pull requests
- Exclude declined pull requests
- Exclude open pull requests
```

> #### Time to Open

Reviewer: maybe a table makes more sense for this type of information (kind of reference)

Author: hmm, not sure what you mean

Reviewer: something like 👇 
 metric name | metric description| metric formula | units 
-|-|-|-
time to open | ...
time in review | ...

Author: we can try that if we think it looks better

> An approximation of the time a change takes to be developed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An approximation of the time a change takes to be developed. How long does it take features to be developed?
```

> This metric assumes you are not developing after the PR is open.

Reviewer: assumes but takes those PRs into account

Author: Since we stopped calling time in development this probably makes no sense

Author: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: other tools solve this problem by assuming that commits after the PR is opened is rework, and have different metrics for that.
```suggestion

```

> This metric is the difference between the pull request base commit author timestamp and the pull request created timestamp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This metric is calculated as the time between the first commit in the pull request's branch and the pull request being created.
```

#### Time to Review

> The time since a pull request is opened until it is merged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The time spent in the code review process. Once a PR is opened, how long does it take to merge?
```

> This metric is the difference between the the pull request merged timestamp and the pull request created timestamp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This metric is the difference between the pull request merged timestamp and the pull request created timestamp.
```

Reviewer 2: Here it's the time between creating and **merging** the pull request.
